Testing.md, before:

# Testing

## Database Connection

We use [Amazon RDS DB](https://aws.amazon.com/rds/?p=ft&c=db&z=3) as Rita’s database and [MySQL Workbench](https://www.mysql.com/products/workbench/) for connection from local host
### Amazon RDS
  - Create an Amazon Web Services (AWS) account if you don’t have one yet
  - [Create an Amazon RDS DB instance](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_CreateDBInstance.html#USER_CreateDBInstance.Creating). Although not required, it is encouraged to use [EC2](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/?p=pm&c=mt&pd=ec2&z=4) as a bastion server to connect to RDS for better security practice
### MySQL Wrokbench
  - Download and install MySQL Workbench and MySQL Server if you don’t have it yet
    - Windows users use [MySQL Installer](https://dev.mysql.com/downloads/installer/)
    - Mac users need to download MySQL Workbench and MySQL Server separately. Please refer to [MySQL Server Installer](https://dev.mysql.com/downloads/mysql/) and [MySQL Workbench Installe](https://dev.mysql.com/downloads/workbench/)r

Once you have set up RDS and MySQL, create a new connection in MySQL workbench, and click on “Edit Connections” and configure it similarly as below. This enables you to use [SSH](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/access-management/what-is-ssh/) to connect your computer to the EC2 instance connecting the RDS.
![](https://lh7-rt.googleusercontent.com/docsz/AD_4nXdIcaBCq8tkTduwWpAVPcYcicF2iAESeXpIQ8wu-mwUXU6pe8Hs8ZYWrppi_ZXbQxCwiZ8Vga1a0--5SsENtHVmMZMlEJxs75jzTC5Wd7gp3wj1_UfccBFtr0et9GZuS1q_Hhpnhw?key=-MOCfIEPYSnC95I2QByPgpqE)
**Start Testing**
  - Click on “Test Connection” to make sure the configuration is correct
  - Make sure you have started the EC2 and RDS instances. It usually takes several minutes for RDS to spin up

**Explanation**
- Why AmazonRDS?

Commit message:

add explanation info and adjust screenshot size

Testing.md, after:

# Testing

## Database Connection

We use [Amazon RDS DB](https://aws.amazon.com/rds/?p=ft&c=db&z=3) as Rita’s database and [MySQL Workbench](https://www.mysql.com/products/workbench/) for connection from local host
### Amazon RDS
  - Create an Amazon Web Services (AWS) account if you don’t have one yet
  - [Create an Amazon RDS DB instance](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_CreateDBInstance.html#USER_CreateDBInstance.Creating). Although not required, it is encouraged to use [EC2](https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/?p=pm&c=mt&pd=ec2&z=4) as a bastion server to connect to RDS for better security practice
### MySQL Wrokbench
  - Download and install MySQL Workbench and MySQL Server if you don’t have it yet
    - Windows users use [MySQL Installer](https://dev.mysql.com/downloads/installer/)
    - Mac users need to download MySQL Workbench and MySQL Server separately. Please refer to [MySQL Server Installer](https://dev.mysql.com/downloads/mysql/) and [MySQL Workbench Installe](https://dev.mysql.com/downloads/workbench/)r

Once you have set up RDS and MySQL, create a new connection in MySQL workbench. Click on “Edit Connections” and configure it similarly to the example below. This enables you to use [SSH](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/access-management/what-is-ssh/) to connect your computer to the EC2 instance connecting the RDS.

<img src="https://lh7-rt.googleusercontent.com/docsz/AD_4nXdIcaBCq8tkTduwWpAVPcYcicF2iAESeXpIQ8wu-mwUXU6pe8Hs8ZYWrppi_ZXbQxCwiZ8Vga1a0--5SsENtHVmMZMlEJxs75jzTC5Wd7gp3wj1_UfccBFtr0et9GZuS1q_Hhpnhw?key=-MOCfIEPYSnC95I2QByPgpqE" width="1000" />
**Start Testing**
  - Click on “Test Connection” to make sure the configuration is correct
  - Make sure you have started the EC2 and RDS instances. It usually takes several minutes for RDS to spin up

### Explanation

- Why Amazon RDS
  -  Amazon RDS simplifies database management by automating tasks such as provisioning, backups, and patching. This allows you to focus on application development. It also offers scalability to adjust resources based on demand and ensures high availability. In addition, RDS enhances security with features like network isolation and encryption.
  
-  Why connecting to RDS with EC2
  -  Connecting to RDS via EC2 allows them to be placed in the same Virtual Private Cloud (VPC), enabling direct and private network connectivity. Additionally, EC2 instances offer flexibility in choosing the appropriate instance type and OS. This allows you to install and configure any required database client software or applications that need to interact with your RDS.
  
- Cost Implications
  - RDS instances are charged per hour, and additional costs may arise from storage, data transfer, and provisioned IOPS. Comparing these costs to managing a database on an EC2 instance can help determine the most cost-effective solution for your use case.
  
- Alternative Connection Methods
  - If setting up and managing an EC2 bastion host is not preferable, AWS offers alternatives like AWS Systems Manager Session Manager. This service allows secure and auditable connections to your RDS instances without the need for a bastion host. This helps simplifying the architecture and potentially reducing costs.
